App Service: Add schedule backup functionality (#3330)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: examples/app-service/scheduler-backup/README.md

> # Example: a Basic schedule backup App Service

Reviewer: could we make this:

```suggestion
# Example: an App Service with a Scheduled Backup
```

> This example provisions a schedule backup App Service.

Reviewer: could we make this:

```suggestion
This example provisions an App Service with a Backup configured.
```
